Add check for correct installedcap processing to AB_grid_pv benchmark… (#831)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new parameter `scenario_description` to input files and docs and a section in autoreport describing the scenario being simulated (#722)
- Add a new sub-section in RTD describing the suite of post-simulation tests carried out through functions in `E4_verification.py` (#753)
- Add KPI individual sectors as an own table to the report (#757)

> - Add pytests for the minimal renewable share constraint of function `D2.add_constr
>   aints()` (#742)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add pytests for the minimal renewable share constraint of function `D2.add_constraints()` (#742)
```
